c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Clone.exe
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Clone.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.exe
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.pdb
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BulletSprite.png
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cross.png
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\earth.png
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\shuttle.png
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\stars.jpg
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\TempSprite.png
c:\users\ian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\black.png
J:\Clone\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.exe
J:\Clone\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.pdb
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\black.png
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BulletSprite.png
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cross.png
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\earth.png
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\shuttle.png
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\stars.jpg
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\TempSprite.png
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Clone.exe
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Clone.pdb
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
J:\Clone\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\GE70\Desktop\SpaceInvaders\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.exe
C:\Users\GE70\Desktop\SpaceInvaders\Clone\obj\x86\Debug\Clone.pdb
